hey how's it gone Dave 2d here this is
the new surface pro six from Microsoft
and it's received two big changes one is
a CPU upgrade this year they've gone to
8th gen CPUs and the other is an
aesthetic change it's now a black or
they have a black option and that's
something that people have been looking
for for a while like some people say
marques matte black all the things but
there's a lot of stuff that hasn't
changed on this device and I feel like
it's a product that for some people it's
like should I upgrade this year
should I not and well that's what we'll
talk about today so first gonna talk
about things that haven't changed so
it's got the same screen it's a
beautiful screen the bezels are present
but it's kind of necessary on a product
like this it's running Windows 10 and
because of the operating system I do
feel like need some bezels on the
surface Pro line up the keyboard
trackpad and the pen input haven't
changed great inputs I've never had any
real issues with them I wouldn't mind if
the trackpad was a little bit bigger but
given the size constraints of the type
cover I don't think you make it that
much bigger it's got the same kickstand
unlimited position so you can fold it
back pretty far and that just gives this
product a ton of diversity and utility I
think that's what makes the surface pro
lineup what it is today that really good
kickstand these speakers look to be
unchanged they're in a good spot like
they're usable both in tablet mode and
the laptop mode they sound clean can't
really ask for more the ports however
have also not changed and that's
something that I think bugs a lot of
people this is a device that still does
not have a USB C or Thunderbolt 3 port
in late 2018 and that is a huge miss in
my books now in their defense if you
were gonna have a USB C port on this
device you would probably replace the
surface connector which is what they're
using to charge it and to date I have
not seen a product out there that has a
well-functioning magnetic USB C charging
system I've seen a lot of companies try
but invariably they all suck or at least
they're not reliable enough to exist on
a surface product like this and maybe
that's what Microsoft is waiting for
like maybe they're trying to perfect
that magnetic power delivery system
through USB C and maybe that's when
they'll switch over but right now we're
stuck with the regular surface connect
that being said without use PC or thumb
well 3 it really limits the full
potential of this device because there
are tablets out there there are two and
one devices out there that do have
Thunderbolt 3
activity and we've seen what they can do
like he can plug like an external GPU
and this thing becomes a gaming Beast I
understand this is obviously not the
main demographic of the surface pro
lineup but I feel like they should have
put one in the pricing is better this
year it starts at nine hundred dollars
at the base model but you're getting
eight gigs of ram and four core CPU so
the product feels like a much better
longer-lasting product than last year's
surface pro ok so things that have
changed the finish on this device now
comes in a black finish and it looks
really nice unfortunately it scuffs
easily any kind of contact with a hard
material has a chance to scratch or
scuff that black material and it'll show
because it's a matte black that's the
type of finish that shows scratches
really easily if you're gonna pick up a
matte black surface I highly recommend
picking up a black D brand skin to
protect it it basically looks like the
regular product it's just got some
protection ok let's talk about
performance the drive on my particular
unit is the upgraded one so it's a 256
gig drive it's an nvme and it performs
really well I can't talk about the 128
gig base model but the 256 upgraded one
is pretty fast the CPUs also been
upgraded so this year it's running 8th
gen Intel CPUs and this units running
the i-5 and it's fanless which is a good
thing or a bad thing depending what
you're looking for so this thing is
silent I love that a lot of people are
looking for that quiet workspace and
this gives you that a fanless quad core
i5 is really nice to work with however
it can get warm it never gets burnin hot
just warm but a fanless i5 is gonna
throttle in certain applications if you
push it hard enough so stuff like video
editing or photo editing large files can
have issues on this particular device
gaming also isn't great it's running a
UHD 620 nothing crazy light games will
run on this device but anything even
moderately demanding isn't gonna perform
well because that GPU isn't particularly
powerful the strange thing is that last
year's model like the 2017 surface pro
that top end model from last year had a
slightly more powerful GPU than this
year's top model now a lot of the
workflows that are going to be happening
on a surface pro product are going to be
more CPU dependent than GPU dependent
but for the people that wanted a more
powerful GPU kind of missed at this year
battery life hasn't changed I'm still
getting around eight eight and a half
hours and the AC adapters also unchanged
it still has that used to be
Court on the side which I've always
liked but the overall product is I mean
it's an upgrade depending on your
workflow like if you're doing multi-core
heavy stuff that can take advantage of
that 8th gen CPU this is awesome and
also the black color scheme if that's up
your alley this is awesome but I feel
like the product overall hasn't changed
that missing USB C port or Thunderbolt 3
port particularly a thunderbolt report
would have been really nice and would
have completely changed my opinion of
the surface lineup in general or the
surface pro lineup but with that at that
port I feel like it's an excellent
product for the right person but for
most people this is still kind of like a
niche to in one product it can't be like
everybody's product quite yet ok hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs we
liked it subs we'd love to see you guys
next time